Update docker (#92)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/docker/docker-setup.adoc

= Setup with Docker
:toc: right

:docker-ocis-url: https://hub.docker.com/r/owncloud/ocis
:install-docker-url: https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server
:install-d-compose-url: https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/
:docker-cli-url: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/

:swarm-v-kub-url: https://circleci.com/blog/docker-swarm-vs-kubernetes/#c-consent-modal

:description: Docker images for oCIS are available on {docker-ocis-url}[Docker Hub]. You can easily download and start an image with only a few commands. 

== Introduction

{description}

== Docker Prerequisites

To fetch and run oCIS in a Docker container, make sure the following packages are installed:

* docker,
* docker-compose,
* optionally kubernetes for more sophisticated container management.

=== Check if You Have Docker Installed

Use the following command to check if `docker` is installed on your system:

[source,bash]
----
which docker
----

> If there is no output, you need to install docker first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Docker is installed, you'll be informed. If not, you may get no output at all or a message that it couldn't be found. In that case you need to install docker first.
```

Use the following command to check if `docker-compose` is installed on your system:

[source,bash]
----
which docker-compose
----

> If there is no output, you need to install docker-compose first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
